
    * what do I want to learn or understand better?

	This week I learnt more about databases in our java server. I had to help completing one of our larger user stories
	for connecting the database with the frontend. I learnt how to do more advance SQL queries and some of the oddities
	with Spring-boot and postgressql, such as how to interpret some of the weird, but common, errors and exceptions we've had when
	running the server/database.

	Next week I will most likely not have to learn much more about databases and queries since we've completed most
	of what needs to be done. I will however have to work a bit more on the POST side of java server endpoints. I.E.
	I will have to work with java Spring's JSON to object automatic conversion which I've found to be a bit tricky 
	to get right. 
	I do, however, not think it will be much of a hinder, since java Spring has very good documentation.

	Regarding user stories, I still feel that it is often hard to nail down good an concrete acceptance criteria when
	specifying a user story. This has become a bit easier as I've become more familiar with how our system/application
	works and what specific modules need to do, but it is still difficult. This week's sprint planning went a bit
	fast since some people had to leave early, and thus we hastened writing our acceptance criteria so that we
	could do planning poker for estimating effort. 
	If this happens next sprint planning, I.E. that we run out of time, I will try to at least specify my
	user stories a bit more concretely and potentially other's too, and message the group over discord so that they 
	can give their input. 
	I hope that this can decrase confusion in what needs to be done in a story, which would otherwise
	show up in a pull request review and take extra, unexpected time, which has been a big issue for the team as a whole.


    * how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
	
	This week I helped team members configure their computers so that they can
	communicate with our remote server/website without errors. (such as disabling forced https)
	I have also helped with creating POST request endpoint definitions to our REST API controller on our server since
	some members are still a bit unsure about how they work and what annotations to use. 
	
	Overall however, I spent less time helping others in discord chat this week most likely due
	to
		- some members being busy 
		- we got a lot done on the workshop we managed to schedule
		- I've been able to point to the http endpoint document, detailing communication between 
			the java server and webbinterface, that I created.

	In the future I want to continue doing more workshops with the team since they seem to be much more productive, 
	since people are less averse to asking for help during them. The only issue is that it is practically impossible
	to get more than half of the group together at the same time.

    * what is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

	I contributed in sprint planning by defining acceptance criteria and creating user stories.
	I also wrote on the team reflection.

    * what is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

	I completed user stories #3.20, #3.22, and I also helped finish a user story which
	had been due for a while (#3.9).

	I also review a few pull requests and noted some uncaught bugs and issues.


/Ekstr. 2022-05-13:19:56

