
    * what do I want to learn or understand better?

	I did learn how Spring's POST JSON to object translation works a bit better, which allowed me to clear up misunderstandings 
	for some people in the team who thought the server used strings and not objects. I can however not say that I learn a whole lot since 
	most of what we did this week we've (or at least I've) done before and thus were mostly copy-paste solutions.

	Next week I won't really have a goal for this specific project, since this was the last sprint, but for any potential future SCRUM projects
	I could benefit to learn more about:
		* Being better at creating tasks, so that I can more clearly know what needs to be done and how before I start working on the user story.
		* Being more precise in my acceptance criteria so that other team members do not misunderstand what needs to be done for a user story to be called done.
			Currently we've had some issues where some team members think they're done but the feature does not at all do what most of the team thought it should
			and thus taking days for there to be any update in the PR branch after review.

    * how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

	I helped basically everyone that worked with the backend: review pull requests and helped with answering questions about 
	our server framework Spring and how the frontend should communicate with the backend. 

	I feel as though I might be spending too much time helping others, since I feel that I can have difficulties finding time for
	doing my own user stories/issues and it sometimes interrupts my daily life. The workshop has helped with removing any immediate
	questions anyone might have about the backend, but since a minority comes to the workshop it is not full proof. 

	The HTTP endpoint list which I created a week or two ago has helped a lot for the people working mainly at the frontend since
	they can simply look at the documentation instead of asking me. This removes work which I need to do and the delay in response
	which they may receive. I.E. all in all the endpoint list has been a very good addition to the project.

    * what is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

	I was at the sprint planning and retrospective. I helped defining the last bits needed for a MVP, and thus
	defining which user stories need to be done before the end of the sprint to satisfy the minimum requirements from 
	our stakeholder.

    * what is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

	I completed user stories #3.24 and issues #95 and #101. 
	I also reviewed several pull requests and a few hotfixes fixing, small but immediate bugs.

/Ekstr. 2022-05-20:20:42

