
    * what do I want to learn or understand better?

	This sprint planning I feel like I and the group were a bit more thorough with our acceptance criterias.
	There as less ambiguity although there are still improvements to be made; some stories were a bit too 
	tightly coupled.

	Last reflection I was wrong about what I had to learn; we did not work with the database. This was because of
	a slowdown with a pull request and team members working on that pull request being more busy than expected.
	Instead of this I worked much more closely with the frontend, making new React components and communicating with the server. I had help from other
	team members who've worked more on the frontend and had more experience. 

	Next week I will hopefully work on connecting the database to the backend. We, the group, have decided that
	if the database pull request (mentioned above) is not done by Tuesday I will step in and hopefully speed
	up the process. 

	If I do indeed work on database integration to our REST api on the server, then I will have to read up on
	database communication on spring. I have already found a few guides online on how to do this too, so it will most
	likely not be too much of an issue.
	

    * how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

	I've helped the people working on the database to setup a basic connection with the Spring server.
	This is because I have the most experience with Spring. 
	

    * what is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

	Helped in sprint planning and discussing what we can improve in our retrospective, such as how we can
	avoid being bogged down in pull requests.

	I suggested updates in DoD to enforce testing all UI on
	a mobile phone as to avoid differences in emulated mobile view in a desktop browser and actual mobile view on
	a phone. 


    * what is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

	I was mostly able to complete almost all tasks of the user story #3.15. 
	We had a lot of pull request which needed to be inspected from the last Sprint and I also hade 
	extra work in other courses which contributed to a lower velocity than expected and less work.

	I also, as usual, contributed in writing the team reflection report. 

/Ekstr. 2022-04-29:20:00

