
    * what do I want to learn or understand better?

	I feel as though I've started to get a firmer grip at how spring (our java server framework) works and how our frontend and backend
	will communicate, such as how to make use of Spring-boots automatic JSON parser and parameter arguments in http rquests. 
	But I will of course have to continue learning. I've done this by reading through
	Spring-boot tutorials and some trial and error by testing different solutions to solve a user story. 

	Currently I think my acceptance criterieas are too vague, which often leads to confusion in what needs
	to be done. This of course not just an individual issue, since the whole group decides acceptance criterias 
	together, but I still feel as though I can personally improve how precise I am. I will spend more time
	in the next sprint thinking about what we want to achieve with a user story and make sure that there are
	at least a few criterias.

	Next week I will most likely have to learn how to communicate with our database. This week another 
	team member had a user story a setting up a basic connection with the server, but next week we will
	have to start the bigger process of populating the database and reading real data from it.
	

    * how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

	I have continued helping the others in the team work with our server framework. 
	I will most likely continue doing so in the coming week. 
	

    * what is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

	I've reviewed other team members code, which is a part of our DoD, and tried to make sure that all new code
	on our master branch follows our DoD and satisfies the acceptance criterias we've set.

	I've helped with spring planning by suggesting user stories and their acceptance criteras. 


    * what is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

	I've worked on 2 user stories (#3.8 and #3.5).
	#3.8 was for establishing a connection between our server and our client's website,
	and #3.5 was for creating endpoints on our server which our webserver (frontend) can communicate with.
	I also participated in the spring retrospective and review and wrote on the team reflection.
	

/Ekstr. 2022-04-22:16:00