
    * what do I want to learn or understand better?

	As mentioned last week I spent some time learning and working with databases and connecting them with our
	spring server. However, I mostly did it "by proxy"; i.e. by helping other team members with their tasks in
	user stories with database/server knowledge. 

	I am not sure what I will work with next week. I've tried to pick whatever user story nobody else wanted to pick
	since I try to be quite flexible. However, overall I still feel the least comfortable with react (the frontend),
	but I feel like I've gotten to the point where I can easily google an issue and understand what I need to do to 
	get from point A to point B without too much of a hassle. 

    * how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?
	
	This past week I've increasingly spent time answering questions and helping other team members
	with server, git, and wix related questions.
	I do not think this is a bad thing, except that I get less time for doing my individual work, since
	it helps the team develop skills so that we are more on an equal level and can work and understand each 
	other better. 
	
	In the future I will continue having my discord direct messages "open" and try to be quick to help. We will also
	try to have one or more workshops next week. I will try to attend them and probably help finishing any user story
	not fully done from this week.

	We, as a team, have also discussed having more and better documentation which could hopefully minimize confusion
	which some of the questions I've gotten have been about (far from all though). I've already documented
	most of my code with code comments and jdoc/tsdoc, but I believe we could use some documentation for 
	communication between our different architectures (frontend, backend, and wix).

    * what is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

	I, as usual, helped in spring planning.
	I also participated and gave input in our retrospective and reflection.

	This week I've also tried to help myself and the team by adding automation to our Scrum/Trello board:
		* Notify members when a story is in review face and needs a reviewer.
		* Notify assigned member to log one of our KPI:s (actual effort) for a usery story when it is done.
	As far as I know this system has been well-received by the team.

    * what is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

	I completed my user story #3.16 and two issues (one for the database crashing because it tried 
	to rewrite its tables every application boot and one for making our frontend stop fetching data twice in a row).

	I, as usual, helped reviewing pull requests and figuring out issues which needs to be fixed in them.


/Ekstr. 2022-05-06:18:47

