
    * what do I want to learn or understand better?
	
	1.)	
	This week I've learnt about the framework Spring and java tech to set up a server. 
	
	In the future I want to learn databases, and more specifically how I can integrate them
	into our server. I Will do this by continuing with reading about the Spring framework, but also
	some old course material others in the group, whom had classes in databases, have shared.

	2.)
	I also want to understand velocities, effort, and their relations better. Currently I find it a
	bit unclear how one can measure progress in meaningful output to the project when
	neither the groups velocity nor effort estimations are static from week to week.
	
	To learn this I will look through course material, lecture slides, and potentially, if needed, 
	sites on the web. 

	3.)
	Lastly, I want to learn to better reflect on how much work I've put into a user story so that I can better
	estimate how long one will take.
	In the coming springs the group has also decided that we will most likely rate our completed user stories
	by the actual effort, instead of just the effort we set on a user story in the spring planning. This will
	hopefully help in becoming better at estimating effort of user stories.


    * how can I help someone else, or the entire team, to learn something new?

	I've helped group members run our server, so that we could check that it ran on everyone's machine.
	In the future I assume I will have to help others with both understanding and using our server as
	I'm the only one to have worked on it so far.

	Similarly I think I can contribute knowledge about using our customers website's endpoints, for fetching
	data. 

	Lastly, it seems as though since not everyone in the group is familiar with git yet, I will have to
	help those people with git. However, there seems to be more people than just me who are familiar with git
	and could help too.

    * what is my contribution towards the team's use of Scrum?

	I contributed in planning of user stories' effort, via planning poker. 
	Additionally, I have attempted to follow our trello workflow model as best as I can,
	by, for instance, asking for code review instead of just merging and finishing a user story.


    * what is my contribution towards the team's deliveries?

	I contributed to the team reflection and changing the social
	contract to better suit our group. 

	I have also done user stories on setting up the project's server and
	also endpoints to the external website we will be using. 
	

/Ekstr. 2022-04-08:16:48